[IMP] Attendances: Update overview section (#13127)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/attendances.rst

is automatically highlighted in yellow for real-time attendance records, while the
:icon:`fa-crosshairs` :guilabel:`(Focus Today)` button instantly returns the dashboard to the
present date.

.. image:: attendances/overview.png
   :alt: The overview dashboard presenting the information for the week, with the current day
         highlighted.

.. note::
   Any entries that have errors appear in red, indicating they need to be resolved by a user with
   the proper :ref:`access rights <attendances/access-rights>` and/or are :ref:`approvers
   <attendances/approvers>` for the employees with the errors.

.. _attendances/filters-groups:

Filters and groups
==================

Sometimes, attendance officers and managers need to view specific records, such as all automatic
checkouts to determine which employees chronically forget to check-out, or by department, to
determine which team is working the most overtime.

For these cases, use the search bar to select a :icon:`fa-filter` :guilabel:`Filters` or
:icon:`oi-group` :guilabel:`Group By`, or combine these both to present the desired information.

> 

Reviewer: Suggestion to add a seealso here to essentials! 
```suggestion
.. seealso::
   :doc:`../essentials/search`
```

> High-value filters:

Reviewer: IMO these would be nice as headings :)
```suggestion
High-value filters
------------------
```

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :stub-columns: 1

> 

Reviewer: >[!TIP]
> You can use the `:widths: col1 col2` attribute on list tables to define column widths,
> This is helpful for situations where you want the columns that have more text be wider than columns with less text.
```suggestion
   :widths: 40 60

```

   * - Filter
     - Common use case
   * - At Work
     - Verify employees still on-site before shutting down the building for the night, or to perform
       a head count.
   * - Errors
     - View all errors to correct them prior to payroll processing.
   * - Automatically Checked-Out
     - Perform an audit to determine employees who chronically forget to check-out of work.
   * - Date
     - Limit results to a specific pay-period or audit window.
   * - Active/Archived Employees
     - Switch between current staff and former employees when auditing historical data.

> Insightful groupings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Insightful groupings
--------------------
```

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

>    :stub-columns: 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :stub-columns: 1
   :widths: 40 60
```

When entering the **Attendances** application, the :guilabel:`Overview` dashboard is presented,

> containing all the check in and check out information for the signed in user. If the user has

Reviewer 2: not sure if it should be plural because i see more than 1 user on this dashboard?
```suggestion
containing all the check in and check out information for the signed in users. If the user has
```

Author: I changed this to just "check out information for the user." since it is ONYL for the signed in us-r - UNLESS they have those rights. So if we used this in odoo, if I went  into the app, I would only see myself. If you go into the app, you'd see your info, plus mine, JERO, etc (your team). 

So if it's just a user, a worker with no one they are managing, they only see their own personal records. So that's why I am keeping it a single "user" - hopefully that makes more sense?

Author: Actually, this is better:

When entering the **Attendances** application, the :guilabel:`Overview` dashboard is presented,
containing all the user's check in and check out information.

specific :ref:`access rights <attendances/access-rights>` and/or are :ref:`approvers
<attendances/approvers>` for specific employees, then those additional employees' check in and check

> out information is also visible on the :guilabel:`Overview` dashboard.

Reviewer 2: slight tweak for grammar, since the verb after "user" should stay singular (didn't format, so remember to do so in your edit!)

If the user has the required access rights or is an approver for specific employees, those employees’ check-in and check-out information also appears on the Overview dashboard.

The **Attendance** dashboard allows switching between Gantt and List views, and selecting a period
to analyze. The current period is automatically highlighted in yellow for real-time attendance

> records, while the :icon:`fa-target` :guilabel:`(Focus Today)` button instantly returns the

Author: Ah! It's a CROSSHAIRS!

For these cases, use the search bar to select a :icon:`fa-filter` :guilabel:`Filters` or
:icon:`oi-group` :guilabel:`Group By`, or combine these both to present the desired information.

High-value filters:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :stub-columns: 1

   * - Filter
     - Common use case
   * - At Work
     - Verify employees still on-site before shutting down the building for the night, or to perform
       a head count.
   * - Errors
     - View all errors to correct them prior to payroll processing.
   * - Automatically Checked-Out
     - Perform an audit to determine employees who chronically forget to check-out of work.
   * - Date
     - Limit results to a specific pay-period or audit window.
   * - Active/Archived Employees
     - Switch between current staff and former employees when auditing historical data.

Insightful groupings:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :stub-columns: 1

   * - Group by
     - When it helps
   * - Employee
     - Review individual attendance records during a 1:1 meeting.
   * - Department
     - Compare staffing levels and working hours to determine over-working and under-working teams.
   * - Manager

>      - Determine where attendance follo-up questions can be directed to for an employee.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - Determine where attendance follow-up questions can be directed to for an employee.
```

  :guilabel:`Worked Time` minus the approved :guilabel:`Worked Extra Hours`.

Check in/check out details
--------------------------

The following information appears for both the :guilabel:`Check In` and :guilabel:`Check Out`
sections.

- :guilabel:`Mode`: attendance submission method. Can be :ref:`Systray <attendances/check-in>`,
  :ref:`Kiosk <attendances/kiosk-mode-entry>`, or :guilabel:`Manual` entry.
- :guilabel:`IP Address`: the device's IP address used to log in or out.
- :guilabel:`Browser`: the web browser the employee used to log in or out.
- :guilabel:`Localisation`: the city and country associated with the computer's IP address.
- :guilabel:`GPS Coordinates`: the specific coordinates when the user logged in or out. To view the
  specific coordinates on a map, click the :icon:`oi-arrow-right` :guilabel:`View on Maps` button
  beneath the :guilabel:`GPS Coordinates`. This opens a map in a new browser tab, with the specific
  location pointed out.

.. image:: attendances/details.png
   :alt: The detailed information for an attendance entry.

Attendance errors
=================

> Entries that contain an error appear on the overview dashboard in red. In the :guilabel:`Gantt

Reviewer 2: I noticed that List and Gantt view was unformatted in line 151. Whichever formatting u choose, let's stay consistent (:

view`, the entry appears with a red background. If in the :guilabel:`List view`, the entry text
appears in red.

> An error typically occurs either when an employee has checked in but has not checked out within the
> last 24 hours, *or* when an employee has a check in and check out period spanning over 16 hours.

Reviewer 2: possible rewording suggestion (:

```suggestion
An error occurs when an employee has checked in but not checked out within 24 hours, or when a single check-in period exceeds 16 hours.
```
